Docs mgmt clarification (#1599)
solo-io/gloo-mesh: docs/content/guides/multicluster_communication.md

## Before you begin
To illustrate these concepts, we will assume that:

> * There are two clusters registered under Gloo Mesh named `cluster1` and `cluster2`. This marks both of them as client clusters that are managed by Gloo Mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There are two clusters registered under Gloo Mesh named `cluster1` and `cluster2`
```

"registered under Gloo Mesh" implies that they are client clusters managed by Gloo Mesh

* Gloo Mesh is [installed and running on `cluster1`]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/setup/#install-gloo-mesh" %}}). This means that `cluster1` is performing

>   double-duty; it is a client cluster, and it is the management cluster with Gloo Mesh installed.

Reviewer: we can remove this block entirely—we assume the user has installed Gloo Mesh (because they're reading a guide on how to use it), and we make no prescriptions about which cluster it's installed on

Author: Aren't we assuming that they installed Gloo Mesh according to our multicluster installation example? (Which I'll modify to install Gloo Mesh on cluster1)

To illustrate these concepts, we will assume that:

* Gloo Mesh is [installed and running on the `mgmt-cluster`]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/setup/#install-gloo-mesh" %}})

> * There is another cluster called the `remote-cluster`. In this example, both the `mgmt-cluster` and `remote-cluster`
>   are client clusters that are watched by Gloo Mesh, and the `mgmt-cluster` is performing
>   double-duty as both a watched cluster, and the cluster with Gloo Mesh itself installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There are two managed clusters registered with Gloo Mesh under the names `cluster1` and `cluster2`
```

Reviewer: I think it's sufficiently clear to talk in terms of `cluster1` and `cluster2` as the managed clusters. The cluster on which the management plane (i.e. Gloo Mesh networking) is deployed doesn't need to be mentioned

Author: In that case, how about I reference the existing setup docs, then make it clear that if you followed that example, cluster1 is also your management cluster?

Reviewer 2: @harveyxia your interpretation is correct.

I think we should avoid being prescriptive of deployment architecture throughout the guides. Referencing existing docs as a means of helping communicate what names a user's clusters might have is fine, but we should be optimizing for content that is generally applicable to any setup a user may have. Allusions to "mgmt-cluster" and "remote-cluster" and conflating those cluster names with the role they play in the system is a cause for confusion in our docs. This would be a larger story, but perhaps we should consider renaming the clusters in our kind setup docs / meshctl demo command.

Reviewer 3: Is it the case the management/remote cluster came from the Istio multi-cluster terminology? 

That being said, I much prefer making the cluster naming more generic (i.e. cluster1, cluster2)

Reviewer 3: One thing that I did for https://github.com/solo-io/gloo-gitops/ is having a Management cluster, East cluster, and West cluster. That might be a good alternative to an extremely generic cluster1, cluster2.
